do you think that your favorite animal
says very much about you you mean behind
my back you're never gonna believe what
happened to me today I am sitting in my
office you're not gonna believe what my
agent just told me Joey
kind of in the middle of a story here
sorry sorry you finished okay so anyway
I'm sitting in my office and guess who
walks in Joey OH weren't finished yeah
guess who walks into my office is the
end of my story Ralph Lauren Rach you're
gonna start another story at least let
me finish mine it's the same story Wow
it's really long Ralph just came in to
tell me that he's so happy with my work
that he wants me to be the new
merchandising manager for polo retail Oh
Oh still gonna discount on wedding dress
I'm so happy for you these really are
the days of our lives
what well since you asked they won't be
back on Days of Our Lives Oh big pay
raise
oh I'll be playing drake ramoray's twin
brother Stryker I get to hire my own
assistant
what I got ahead guys from standing up
too fast
[Music]
your this job for four years that's
right
okay well this is all very impressive
Hilda I just have one last question for
you uh how did I do this okay what I've
never interviewed anyone before I've
actually never had anyone worked for me
before although when I was a kid we did
ever made but this this isn't the same
thing no chair it's not and I know that
alright well thank you so much for
coming in it was nice to meet you you
alright
my total pro hello Wow yes I'm sorry the
models are actually down the hall
actually I'm here about the assistant
job really okay well then all right
we'll just have a seat there um so
what's what is what's your name tag
Jones uh-huh
that's it that's my whole name that's
okay well let's let's just have a
look-see here I know I haven't worked in
an office before and I really don't have
a lot of experience but I know what are
you talking about you got three years
painting houses two whole summers at TGI
Fridays
it's lame I know but I'm a goal-oriented
person very eager to learn sorry it's
for human resources everybody has to do
it